The world is full of peculiarities
and science really has its work cut out to explain them.
In most cases the wonder of such phenomenal ancient artifacts can be
attributed to the human races brilliance and innovation
throughout our 150,000 year existence
but in some cases the origins
and purposes of some artifacts are still disputed
No.10 weird antenna on the sea floor
In the height of cold war paranoia
an oceanographic ship named USNS Eltanin
made a rather peculiar discovery while scanning
the Antarctic sea floor.  The strange
sighting resembled an antenna. It was tall straight and had
arms evenly spaced at 90 degrees angles pertruding from its shaft.
Many theories developed quickly in response to the image
Some pertained to man-made origins, perhaps Soviet,
and others pertained to the unexplainable. Could it be an alien relic?
13,500 thousand feet beneath the waves in Antarctica is a pretty inhospitable
location for any construction, and the likely hood that this antenna
was of human origin seemed minuscule.
This extraterrestrial form was scrutinized
Until it was identified as Cladorhiza Concrescens.
which is a type of sea sponge, which resides in deep waters.
Modern day images of this sponge really
do look like the alten in antenna
but they are few and far between, and many
people have called for a revisit to this peculiar deep sea object
to determine how it has changed since its discovery.
No. 9 Wofsegg Iron.
The first impression you may have of this cube
is that it looks unimpressive
and it is hardly a cube at all. It is loosely cuboid
and given its metallic composition
and theorized age of 20 million years or more
it suddenly becomes a very strange artifact
worthy of serious respect.  It was discovered after a miner broke open a coal at an iron foundry.
and at first scientist believed the chunk of metal to be of
meteoric origin, but that was ruled out through analysis.
It was more likely a chunk of cast iron.
then begged the question
How has cast iron found itself encased in 20 million year old coa,
when humans have only existed for roughly 200 thousand years?
This was puzzling for a time
before researchers generally began to accept that the miner
could not have liberated this
from very old untouched coal after all
and that it was probably a piece of machinery that had fallen into the coal
pit more recently. Still many remained skeptical
as this piece of iron has not been subjected to modern research techniques
no.8
The Nazca Lines and Atacama Skeleton
The Nazca Lines, found in the Nazca desert in Southern Peru.
really are some of the most stunning geoglyphs on Earth.
Geoglyphs are icons carved into the face of the Earth.
The Nazca lines are an amazing marker
of an ancient civilization and date back around 2,000 years.
They are tremendously complex and there are over
30 of them through the desert environment making them the
most interesting collection of ancient geoglyphs on Earth.
It is thought that these geoglyphs were created as a means of communicating with the gods
above Earth to pray for rain and it has naturally inspired every manner of theory revolving around alien contact.
although it is plausible they were
created with simple tools by the Nazca culture
what has raised the most eyebrows are the arrays of strange figures
that were created from orcas to astronauts
adding to this mystery is the Atacama Skeleton
another South American oddity that was also found in Southern Peru.
Its a humanoid skeleton that really is minuscule.
At no longer than 15 cm in length
which is the size of a pen. Despite its size
it is clearly not a fetus
as it has developed anatomy including hands and hard teeth.
The most striking thing is its oddly shaped head
perfectly fitting with traditional visions of aliens
This peculiar skeleton was tested using modern
day methodology by professors at Stanford University
and was indeed found to be human and of local descent.
It was also aged between 6-8 years old
upon death which is remarkable for a human of that tiny size
The genetic mutation which lead to its strange forms
are not clear and so far nobody has been able to explain exactly
what it is
no. 7
The London hammer
This hammer was a chance find